Add function to iterate over ingress annotations to include whitelist… (#20)
vivid-planet/comet-charts: .changeset/seven-bobcats-play.md

---

> "comet-admin-v5": major

Reviewer: why is this a major change? shouldnt this be a minor?

Author: This was the output from running `npx changeset` for the given Chart. Should I change it to minor for all PRs ?

Author: Version was changed to minor

---

> Add function to iterate over ingress annotations to include whitelist-ranges

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add possibility to add annotations to ingress (e.g. in use by NGINX Ingress Controller)
```

Author: Fixed. 

e146b9675909af3614e1a28db00ff5685e0f5187
